student:0 is assigned project:9 and the supervisor is: 1, level: Unsatisfied 
student:1 is assigned project:16 and the supervisor is: 2, level: Unsatisfied 
student:2 is assigned project:30 and the supervisor is: 4, level: Unsatisfied 
student:3 is assigned project:44 and the supervisor is: 6, level: Unsatisfied 
student:4 is assigned project:18 and the supervisor is: 3, level: Extremly satisfied 
student:5 is assigned project:45 and the supervisor is: 6, level: Unsatisfied 
student:6 is assigned project:64 and the supervisor is: 9, level: Unsatisfied 
student:7 is assigned project:62 and the supervisor is: 9, level: Unsatisfied 
student:8 is assigned project:41 and the supervisor is: 5, level: Unsatisfied 
student:9 is assigned project:55 and the supervisor is: 7, level: Unsatisfied 
student:10 is assigned project:61 and the supervisor is: 9, level: Unsatisfied 
student:11 is assigned project:5 and the supervisor is: 0, level: Extremly satisfied 
student:12 is assigned project:39 and the supervisor is: 5, level: Unsatisfied 
student:13 is assigned project:46 and the supervisor is: 6, level: Unsatisfied 
student:14 is assigned project:40 and the supervisor is: 5, level: Unsatisfied 
student:15 is assigned project:19 and the supervisor is: 3, level: Extremly satisfied 
student:16 is assigned project:60 and the supervisor is: 9, level: Unsatisfied 
student:17 is assigned project:13 and the supervisor is: 2, level: Unsatisfied 
student:18 is assigned project:47 and the supervisor is: 6, level: Unsatisfied 
student:19 is assigned project:52 and the supervisor is: 7, level: Unsatisfied 
student:20 is assigned project:36 and the supervisor is: 5, level: Unsatisfied 
student:21 is assigned project:42 and the supervisor is: 6, level: Unsatisfied 
student:22 is assigned project:43 and the supervisor is: 6, level: Unsatisfied 
student:23 is assigned project:31 and the supervisor is: 4, level: Unsatisfied 
student:24 is assigned project:15 and the supervisor is: 2, level: Unsatisfied 
student:25 is assigned project:73 and the supervisor is: 10, level: Unsatisfied 
student:26 is assigned project:21 and the supervisor is: 3, level: Unsatisfied 
student:27 is assigned project:7 and the supervisor is: 1, level: Unsatisfied 
student:28 is assigned project:11 and the supervisor is: 1, level: Unsatisfied 
student:29 is assigned project:58 and the supervisor is: 8, level: Extremly satisfied 
student:30 is assigned project:2 and the supervisor is: 0, level: Unsatisfied 
Extremly satisfied: : 
Very satisfied: : 
Satisfied: : 
Good: : 
Not bad: : 
Unsatisfied: : 
0's quota left: 0
1's quota left: 0
2's quota left: -1
3's quota left: 2
4's quota left: 2
5's quota left: 0
6's quota left: -1
7's quota left: 1
8's quota left: 1
9's quota left: -1
10's quota left: 3
